https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/realisticVisionV40-inpainting.inpainting.safetensors
  out=models/Stable-diffusion/realisticVisionV40-inpainting.inpainting.safetensors
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/realisticVisionV40_v40VAE.safetensors
  out=models/Stable-diffusion/realisticVisionV40_v40VAE.safetensors
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/dreamlike-photoreal-2.0-inpainting.inpainting.safetensors
  out=models/Stable-diffusion/dreamlike-photoreal-2.0-inpainting.inpainting.safetensors
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/realisticVisionV51_v51VAE.safetensors
  out=models/Stable-diffusion/realisticVisionV51_v51VAE.safetensors
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/realisticVisionV51_v51VAE-inpainting.safetensors
  out=models/Stable-diffusion/realisticVisionV51_v51VAE-inpainting.safetensors
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/realisticVisionV60B1_v60B1VAE.safetensors
  out=models/Stable-diffusion/realisticVisionV60B1_v60B1VAE.safetensors
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/sdhk_v40.safetensors
  out=models/Stable-diffusion/sdhk_v40.safetensors
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/dreamlike-photoreal-2.0.ckpt
  out=models/Stable-diffusion/dreamlike-photoreal-2.0.ckpt
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/sd-vae-ft-mse-original/resolve/main/vae-ft-mse-840000-ema-pruned.ckpt
  out=models/VAE/vae-ft-mse-840000-ema-pruned.ckpt
https://huggingface.co/runwayml/stable-diffusion-inpainting/resolve/main/sd-v1-5-inpainting.ckpt
  out=models/Stable-diffusion/sd-v1-5-inpainting.ckpt
https://github.com/TencentARC/GFPGAN/releases/download/v1.3.4/GFPGANv1.4.pth
  out=models/GFPGAN/GFPGANv1.4.pth
https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN/releases/download/v0.1.0/RealESRGAN_x4plus.pth
  out=models/RealESRGAN/RealESRGAN_x4plus.pth
https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN/releases/download/v0.2.2.4/RealESRGAN_x4plus_anime_6B.pth
  out=models/RealESRGAN/RealESRGAN_x4plus_anime_6B.pth
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/4xUltrasharp_4xUltrasharpV10.pth
  out=models/ESRGAN/4xUltrasharp_4xUltrasharpV10.pth
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/grounding-dino/groundingdino_swinb_cogcoor.pth
  out=models/grounding-dino/groundingdino_swinb_cogcoor.pth
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/grounding-dino/GroundingDINO_SwinB.cfg.py
  out=models/grounding-dino/GroundingDINO_SwinB.cfg.py
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/loras/pytorch_lora_weights.safetensors
  out=models/Lora/pytorch_lora_weights.safetensors
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/loras/pytorch_lora_weights_1_5.safetensors
  out=models/Lora/pytorch_lora_weights_1_5.safetensors
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/sams/sam_vit_h_4b8939.pth
  out=models/sams/sam_vit_h_4b8939.pth
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/custom_nodes/creatorloop_nodes.py
  out=config/comfy/custom_nodes/creatorloop_nodes.py
https://creatorloopmodels.blob.core.windows.net/sdmodels/clip_vision/model.safetensors
  out=models/clip_vision/model.safetensors